---
layout: post
title: Week 2
published: true
---

  I can't believed I survived the first real week of school.  In Downing's object oriented programming class, I can really feel the knowledge coming in to me.  After taking the first few quizzes, I realized that simply paying attention in class and reading the assigned reading is not enough.  I really have to dig deep to understand everything fully.  I know I will have to start on the first assingment very soon.  It's really interesting when Downing's talking about the first project.  The list of solutions that can be used to solve that problem.  I would have never think of calculate a range of set numbers ahead of time and save it somewhere from the beginning.  Usually, we're taught by calculate whatever whenever the program runs.  I still need to learn much more.  For example, posting this blog last week was a mess for me.  I didn't read through everything and ofcourse the naming matters.  Furthermore, I forgot that it takes a while for the front page to update.  
  I like the idea of getting some points off and getting some bonus points depends on your test cases and other people's test cases.  It's good because in the real world, people seen bugs everywhere.  As a programmer, our job is to have the perfect code and bug free.  This class is living up to its reputation, learning lots of things that actually useful in real job situations.
  
  Tip of the week:  Android M is Marshmallow and I called it.  It has a "visual voicemail",  I don't think it's useful, but who knows.  
  
-Martin
